Note that Min/MaxButton hide HelpButton on a Form (#947)
Dyalog/documentation: object-reference/docs/properties/maxbutton.md

Note that MaxButton is independent of [Sizeable](sizeable.md), that is, you can define an object that can be maximised but not resized. If any of the properties MaxButton, [MinButton](minbutton.md), [SysMenu](sysmenu.md) and [Sizeable](sizeable.md) are set to 1, the object will have a title bar.

> !!! note

Reviewer: This does not need to be a note, just regular text.

>     If MaxButton or [MinButton](minbutton.md) is `1`, then [HelpButton](helpbutton.md) is always hidden, whatever its value. This is a Microsoft Windows limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If either MaxButton or [MinButton](minbutton.md) is `1`, then [HelpButton](helpbutton.md) is always hidden, irrespective of its value. This is a Microsoft Windows limitation.
```
